README.md, before:

# tiny_tactics
 A turn-based, tactics / puzzle game for PICO-8

## How to play
 You can play the game or download the cart at the [Lexaloffle BBS](https://www.lexaloffle.com/bbs/).
 
## Postmortem
 You can read about my experience developing Tiny Tactics at this [Blog post](https://www.lexaloffle.com/bbs/).
 
## PICO-8
 If you want to know more about PICO-8, check the [PICO-8 landing page](https://www.lexaloffle.com/pico-8.php) or its [FAQ](https://www.lexaloffle.com/pico-8.php?page=faq).
 
## Pull requests
 This project is mostly done and uses over 99% of the available tokens / compressed size limit for a PICO-8 cart. Therefore, I'm not accepting pull requests for this one.
 
## Files and Folders
 - **tiny_tactics.p8**: PICO-8 source is a single, plain text file, containing graphics, sound and code (which, in this case, merely includes some lua files from the folder below).
 - **inc**: the lua files included in the .p8 file. The project was structured like this so that the code was better organized and editable in an external editor, outside PICO-8. Lua files were creted in Notepad++.
 - **exports**
   - **cart/tiny_tactics.p8.png**: image with the compressed cartridge embedded into it, playable in PICO-8. This is what you get if you download the cart from the Lexaloffle BBS.
   - **html**: standalone HTML version.
   - **bynary apps**: executable versions for Windows, Mac, Linux and Raspberry Pi. I only tested the Windows .exe, but all of them should work.
   - **map and sprites**: useful for reviewing level layouts.
 - **test_cdata**: save files used for testing the alternative skin reward.
 
 ## Cartridge Data
  This is how PICO-8 persists your progress.
  - If you are using PICO-8 or a binary app, your progress is saved in a text file. In Windows, for example, this file is created in `C:\Users\[username]\AppData\Roaming\pico-8\cdata\` (default folder).
  - If you are playing on a browser (either on Lexaloffle BBS or using the standalone HTML version), data is saved on the browser's client-side storage.

Commit message:

Added screenshots and walkthrough
Also updated some dev's records.

README.md, after:

# tiny_tactics
 A turn-based, tactics / puzzle game for PICO-8

## How to play
 You can play the game or download the cart at the [Lexaloffle BBS](https://www.lexaloffle.com/bbs/).
 
## Postmortem
 You can read about my experience developing *Tiny Tactics* at this [Blog post](https://www.lexaloffle.com/bbs/).
 
## PICO-8
 If you want to know more about PICO-8, check the [PICO-8 landing page](https://www.lexaloffle.com/pico-8.php) or its [FAQ](https://www.lexaloffle.com/pico-8.php?page=faq).
 
## Pull requests
 This project is mostly done and uses over 99% of the available tokens / compressed size limit for a PICO-8 cart. Therefore, I'm not accepting pull requests for this one.
 
## Files and Folders
 - **tiny_tactics.p8**: PICO-8 source is a single, plain text file, containing graphics, sound and code (which, in this case, merely includes some lua files from the folder below).
 - **inc**: the lua files included in the .p8 file. The project was structured like this so that the code was better organized and editable in an external editor, outside PICO-8. Lua files were creted in Notepad++.
 - **exports**
   - **cart/tiny_tactics.p8.png**: image with the compressed cartridge embedded into it, playable in PICO-8. This is what you get if you download the cart from the Lexaloffle BBS.
   - **html**: standalone HTML version.
   - **bynary apps**: executable versions for Windows, Mac, Linux and Raspberry Pi. I only tested the Windows *.exe*, but all of them should work.
   - **map and sprites**: useful for reviewing level layouts.
 - **screenshots_gifs**: screenshots and GIFs (recorded in PICO-8) used when posting on the *Lexaloffle BBS*.
 - **test_cdata**: save file used for testing the alternative skin reward.
 - **walkthrough**: GIFs (recored in PICO-8) showing how to get the *dev's record* in each level.
 
## Cartridge Data
 This is how PICO-8 persists your progress.
 - If you are using PICO-8 or a binary app, your progress is saved in a text file. In Windows, for example, this file is created in `C:\Users\[username]\AppData\Roaming\pico-8\cdata\` (default folder).
 - If you are playing on a browser (either on Lexaloffle BBS or using the standalone HTML version), data is saved on the browser's client-side storage.
 
## Notes
 - This project was uploaded to GitHub when it was almost done, so do not expect much from commit history.
